so I face a lot of different decisions as a leader in my organization
and it's the kind of unique to the military is composed to are compared
to the civilian sector you know the civilian sector there it you
whether your manager leader you're pretty much primarily concerned
with getting the business moving forward in those kind of things are
as in the military not only are you worried about mission a success
and you know the operations but you also have to deal with the personal
professional development of your people and in making sure that
they're taking care of an actually looking into you know not only their
per you know like the personal life like their family but are they
moving in the right direction to progress their career and so you
know it one day I can be dealing with making sure that we've got all
the equipment necessary to go out and conduct high risk evolution
or operation to making sure that the most junior persons family or
wife is being able to get taken care of at tri care because they're
having issues with medical or dental or how do they even go about doing
that or register in a car because they just checked into this new
command and they're coming from overseas duty that's something that's
unique that you experience in the military but you won't see in
the civilian sector and so you know you've got to be ready to deal with
that entire gambit of of leadership as well as issues that are gonna
come across to you